# LINE MINI App Version Review Guidelines

## Self-Checklist

<table><thead><tr><th width="180">Functions</th><th valign="top">Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Platform Support</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Is the LINE MINI App version supported?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>SDK</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Is the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/update-note-1/sdk-version">latest version of the Unifi Apps SDK</a> applied?</li><li>Has the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps-sdk/wallet-provider/domain-verification-via-reown">ProjectId</a> been generated via Reown and the domain successfully verified?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Wallet Connect Flow</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Does the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps-review-guidelines/how-to-build-successful-unifi-apps#line-version"><strong>LINE version</strong></a> follow the Wallet Connect flow below?<br><code>Access Unifi Apps(LINE MINI App) → Launch Unifi Apps → Wallet Connect(e.g. at payment or reward step)</code></li><li>Is the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps-review-guidelines/how-to-build-successful-unifi-apps#provision-of-information-about-connected-wallet">connected wallet address</a> clearly shown to the user?</li><li>Is the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps-sdk/wallet-provider#walletprovider.disconnectwallet"><code>disconnectWallet</code></a> feature available?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>IAP Approval</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Have you applied for and received approval to use LINE IAP in the LINE Developers Console?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Payment Features</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Are specific commercial transaction laws and fund settlement law notices displayed on the screen during the process of purchasing a shop or item?</li><li>Are payment precautions displayed on the screen during the process of purchasing a shop or item?</li><li>If the type and quantity of items in the shop are determined by probability, are the probabilities indicated on the screen during the purchase process?</li><li>Are payment status notifications (UI/UX) properly provided?</li><li>Are virtual currencies within the LINE MINI App and secondary currencies that can be purchased with virtual currency only available in that LINE MINI App?</li><li>Are purchase precautions shown before payment?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>LINE Integration</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Has the LINE MINI App channel been correctly created in the LINE Developers Console, and is the Review environment ready?</li><li>Has the LINE MINI App channel under development been properly linked to the LINE Official Account? (<a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps/line-integration/line-mini-app#link-line-official-account-with-line-login-channel">Guide ></a>)</li><li>Is the Official Account (OA) properly linked and set to On (Normal)?</li><li>Is the OA Rich Menu configured according to the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps/line-integration/official-account#rich-menu-setup">design guide</a>?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Invite Friends</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>In the LINE MINI App version, is <code>ShareTargetPicker</code> implemented for inviting friends? (<a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps/line-integration/invite-friends#invite-friends-support-by-version">Guide ></a>)</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>UX/UI</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Is the<a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps-review-guidelines/how-to-build-successful-unifi-apps#provision-of-multi-language"> language localization</a> implemeted based on user's browser settings or IP? (English and Japanese must be supported)</li><li>Is the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps/design-guide#set-browser-tab-name">browser tab title</a> in the format <code>{Unifi Apps Name} | Unifi Apps</code>?</li><li>Is <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps/design-guide#set-opengraph">OpenGraph</a> properly set for the Unifi Apps URL?</li><li>Does the Connect button comply with the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps/design-guide#connect-button">Unifi design guideline</a>?</li><li>Is a <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi-apps-review-guidelines/how-to-build-successful-unifi-apps#provision-of-close-confirmation-dialog">Close Confirmation Dialog</a> provided?</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Security</td><td valign="top"><ul><li>Never expose wallet private keys, clientSecret, or other sensitive credentials in frontend code, version control, or unsecured environments. These credentials must be securely stored on the backend or in a protected secrets management system.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Game Content Determination</td><td valign="top"><ul><li><p>Please review the <em>Game Content Determination Checklist</em>.</p><ul><li>Is the primary purpose of the Unifi Apps to provide entertainment or fun?</li><li>Do different outcomes occur based on user actions?</li><li>Are there clear rules and constraints?</li><li>Is there a game-like flow with start, progress, and end?</li><li>Are there obstacles to overcome and a sense of accomplishment?</li></ul></li><li>If the Unifi Apps is determined to qualify as a game, make sure to refer to the <a href="https://docs.dappportal.io/unifi/policy/grac-south-korea">GRAC guideline document</a>.</li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Compliance

<table><thead><tr><th width="200.6690673828125">Compliance factor</th><th>Guidelines</th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Gambling-related</td><td><ul><li>Specifications that provide cash or virtual assets as rewards based on probability using items purchased through payment are not permitted.</li><li>Specifications that provide gacha mechanisms that can offer substantial value based on probability using in-app currency or virtual assets are not permitted.</li><li>Specifications that allow participants to receive cash rewards through prize lotteries or slot games by paying a fee are not permitted.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Violence</td><td><ul><li>Games or content that contain extreme violent elements are not permitted.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Crime and Drug</td><td><ul><li>Content that promotes crime, drug use, abusive behavior, or inappropriately depicts alcohol and tobacco use is not permitted.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Discrimination and Hate</td><td><ul><li>Content that contains derogatory remarks or statements regarding race, gender, or sexual orientation is not permitted.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Explicitness</td><td><ul><li>Any content that is sexually explicit or contains sexual depictions is not permitted.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Securities</td><td><ul><li>Services that have securities are not permitted(where there is an expectation of profit, investment of assets, the invested assets are in a joint enterprise, and profits come from a third party).</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Intellectual Property</td><td><ul><li>Services that use intellectual property that is not owned for commercial purposes are not permitted.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Prize Contest Law</td><td><ul><li><p>In the case of rewards that are contingent upon payment, the following criteria must be met.</p><ul><li>Paid below 1,000 YEN ; Max reward 200 YEN</li><li>Paid equal to/over 1,000 YEN ; Max reward 20% of paid volume</li></ul></li></ul></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Comprehensive regulatory compliance</td><td><ul><li>Additionally, services that are generally difficult to reference based on societal norms may not be permitted depending on the review by the Unifi team.</li></ul></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
