# v1.2.0

<mark style="color:green;">Green > Mandatory to be applied to Mini Dapp's code</mark>

<mark style="color:blue;">Blue > Optional to be applied Mini Dapp's code if Mini Dapp need to new function.</mark>

## Release Date

**January 20th, 2025**

## Back End

* Wallet
  * Improved response so that clients can clearly aware for the cancellation and closing options of the popup.
    * [Docs >](https://mini-dapp.gitbook.io/mini-dapp/mini-dapp/guide/mini-dapp-sdk-guide/api-specs#error)
* Payment
  * <mark style="color:blue;">Added payment status change webhook.</mark>
    * [Docs >](https://mini-dapp.gitbook.io/mini-dapp/mini-dapp/guide/mini-dapp-sdk-guide/api-documents#d.-payment-status-change-event)
  * Improved parameters of createPayment
    * Disallow whitespace charaters in lockUrl and unlockUrl
      * You need to include lockUrl, unlockUrl as null even if you have no data to this field
    * Added validation check for Urls
    * <mark style="color:blue;">Added paymentStatusChangeCallbackUrl</mark>
      * confirmCallbackUrl can be used up to version 1.2.0.
    * only 'false' can be used for testMode
  * Fixed price bug for payment history page

## Web

* Wallet
  * Improved response so that clients can clearly aware for the cancellation and closing options of the popup.
  * Fixed UI bug if Mini Dapp name includes character of '

## Mini Dapp SDK

* Wallet
  * <mark style="color:green;">Improved response so that clients can clearly aware for the cancellation and closing options of the popup.</mark>
  * <mark style="color:green;">Fixed UI bug if Mini Dapp name includes character of '</mark>
  * <mark style="color:green;">Fixed z-index onto popup to proceed sign if bocked</mark>
    * <mark style="color:green;">This z-index set as '9999999'. Please set your z-index for any popup under '9999999' to avoid conflicting between popup's.</mark>
  * <mark style="color:green;">Improved for connecting Mobile App Wallet</mark>
  * <mark style="color:green;">Improved response time for some iOS.</mark>
* Payment
  * <mark style="color:green;">Added OKX wallet option</mark>
  * <mark style="color:green;">Improved error codes so that the Mini Dapp can clearly aware the payment cancellation/failure.</mark>

## Mobile, Extension

* Wallet
  * personal\_sign() is supported.
